In the current scenario, technology is advancing astonishingly. People can hardly live in a world deprived of technology.
With more and more intrusions in socially relevant matters through Social Media, humans exist in a world where their sill-
-iest remarks are made public. From the time when computers helped us for this, now we use more handy cellphones for the 
same. 
Mobile phones have become an indispensable part of their day-to-day activities. As the battery capacity of existing cell-
-phones are very less charging has become a challenge. This pave the way for power banks. Power banks can charge only one 
or two devices and that too directly. So there is an acute need for wireless chargers which can charge multiple devices 
simultaneously.
This ‘’Portable Wireless Multiple Power Transfer Device” helps in charging multiple devices simultaneously with the ease 
of wireless transmission. This project is a cost-effective implementation of the above.
This is an era of mobile phones, laptops, smart wearables and other portable gadgets which should be charged to get them 
to work. The number of gadgets a person uses is keeping on increasing day by day. The facilities offered to us for char-
-ging does not change that frequently. A portable charging module thus became a necessity. Hence it paved the way for 
power banks. As comforts increase, our greed also increases. Thus it’s high time to outdate power banks which can charge 
devices only directly. There lies the necessity of a wireless charging module which can charge multiple devices simultan-
-eously.
This design project is on a wireless portable charger which on charging can be carried on our daily journey and can be 
used to charge multiple devices at the same time.
Usual wireless chargers are also portable but this is pre-charged and can be carried with the easiness of a power bank. 
It need not be supplied with AC source at the time of charging, and it can supply to more devices at the same time. 
Our motivation in selecting this project is
	Lack of charging ports at common residential areas like hostels.
	Difficulty in charging phones and other electronic gadgets while travelling.
	Using chargers at public places may cause damage due to faults.
	Avoiding the chances of shock.
Our objective is to design and develop a portable wireless charger which can charge multiple devices simultaneously. 
The expected outcome is a wireless charger which can charge 3 devices simultaneously. In a long-range level we suggest the 
idea of installing this device in common places for larger number of devices so that anyone in any place can feed their ph-
-ones.
The outline of the project is that usual wireless chargers only charge on device at a time. So, it becomes difficult if you
have to charge more than one device in urgent. Today, the chargers we use have different ports like 2.0, c, etc. So, if we 
have a conventional charger and we forgot it somewhere, then we may face problems in getting a suitable charger. As our pro-
-posed charger is wireless, we only have to carry receivers if we establish transmitters in common places and we can travel
carrying the transmitters if we need them, with the easiness of a power bank. 

